Temporarily store signals in disk 3/3 (#174)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/configuration.asciidoc

}
----

[float]
[[persistence-configuration]]
==== Persistence configuration

By default all the APM data is sent to the backend right away.
This sometimes might not be possible or feasible for an Android application due to the potential network issues an Android device might encounter, as well as the need for handling resources the best possible way such as mobile data connectivity and battery life.
In order to prevent these issues, the Agent provides disk persistence, or local cache, support where all the APM data will be stored in disk first and then it will be sent to the backend later based on the configuration parameters that allow to define how often the data should get exported.

The example below shows how to enable and configure the persistence feature.

[source,java]
----
class MyApp extends android.app.Application {

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        PersistenceConfiguration persistenceConfiguration = PersistenceConfiguration.builder()

>                 .setEnabled(true) // False by default.
>                 .setMaxCacheSize(60 * 1024 * 1024) // 60 MB by default
>                 .setExportScheduler(ExportScheduler.getDefault(60 * 60 * 1000)) // One hour by default. The default ExportScheduler will run only when the host app is running, though you can create your own implementation of it in order to provide a better suited scheduler for your app.
>                 .build();
>         ElasticApmConfiguration configuration = ElasticApmConfiguration.builder()
>                 .setPersistenceConfiguration(persistenceConfiguration)
>                 .build();
>         ElasticApmAgent.initialize(this, configuration);
>     }
> }
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                .setEnabled(true) <1>
                .setMaxCacheSize(60 * 1024 * 1024)
                .setExportScheduler(ExportScheduler.getDefault(60 * 60 * 1000))
                .build();
        ElasticApmConfiguration configuration = ElasticApmConfiguration.builder()
                .setPersistenceConfiguration(persistenceConfiguration)
                .build();
        ElasticApmAgent.initialize(this, configuration);
    }
}
----
<1> Defaults to `false`.
<2> Defaults to 60 MB.
<3> Defaults to one hour. The default `ExportScheduler` will run only when the host app is running, though you can create your own implementation of it in order to provide a better-suited scheduler for your app.
```
